there is nothing better than a softer
ring cake a simple and natural dessert
ideal for breakfast or as a snack to dip
into milk or tea taste it with a thin
layer of jam or a dusting of powdered
sugar you'll fall in love with it let's
see together what ingredients we'll need
four cups of flour 2 and a quarter
sticks of butter 1 pinch of salt 1/8 of
a teaspoon of vanilla powder 1
tablespoon of baking powder 5 medium
eggs one-and-a-half cups of sugar 1 cup
of fresh whole milk the great assess of
two organic lemons well let's make
together the ring cake
in a bowl of food to Anacortes sticks of
softened butter and start beating then
add the vanilla a pinch of salt and one
and a half cups of sugar beat everything
until foamy a light-colored once you
have this mixture add one egg at a time
always beating the eggs up must be at
room temperature
this is how the mixer looks now add the
grated zest of two lemons and fold in
the sifted flour and baking powder
alternating with a fresh milk
and finally here is the dough for the
Ring cake now take a 10 inch tube fan
that has been greased with butter and
floured put in the dough and bake at 350
degrees for at least 50 minutes
our lovely ring cake is ready to be
tasted after taking out of the oven let
it cool inside the tube pan and sprinkle
with powdered sugar from Sony Angela de
Ferran Oh bye bye and see you next video
recipe